chore: enable python 311 (#193)
ethereum/execution-spec-tests: README.md

### Prerequisites

> The following requires a Python 3.10 or Python 3.11 installation.

Reviewer: I was able to `fill` using the all versions between these ranges, so we could add something like the following: 
```suggestion
The following requires an installation of Python between versions 3.10.3 and 3.11.4.
```

Author: Thanks for the very thorough check - good to know! I would prefer not to mention the patch version in order to avoid having to update the docs upon every patch release. In the unlikely case that a new patch release would break our code, we'll find out in Github Actions:
https://github.com/ethereum/execution-spec-tests/blob/4b43545b23f7f7585839efd206b387d1a14e9e2a/.github/workflows/test.yaml#L10
As we run only specify version as major-minor, the latest patch release will be used (this is also quicker apparently):
https://github.com/actions/setup-python/blob/main/docs/advanced-usage.md#using-the-python-version-input
